node <> noda
state <> rAjya
search <> Koja
problem <> samasyA
variable <> cara
goal <> lakRya
algorithm <> elgoriWma
rule <> niyama
system <> praNAlI
agent <> ejeMta
logic <> warka
function <> samAroha
solution <> samAXAna
clause <> KaMda
space <> sWAna
knowledge <> jFAna
action <> kArravAI
tree <> vqkRa
constraint <> bAXA
path <> paWa
number <> saMKyA
step <> caraNa
inference <> anumAna
sentence <> vAkya
operator <> oYparetara
true <> sahI
student <> sakRama
initial <> avasWA
plan <> yojanA
formula <> sUwra
order <> krama
language <> BARA
world <> xuniyA
network <> netavarka
literal <> SAbxika
case <> mAmale
domain <> domena
current <> varwamAna
resolution <> saMkalpa
time <> samaya
fringe <> PrAI
term <> Sabxa
input <> inaputa
heuristic <> hIristika
complete <> pUrNa
cost <> lAgawa
graph <> ka
hypothesis <> parikalpanA
consistent <> susaMgawa
form <> rUpa
probability <> sAre
class <> varga
planning <> yojanA
proof <> pramANa
information <> sUcanA
depth <> gaharAI
environment <> vAwAvaraNa
expert <> viSeRajFa
fact <> waWya
model <> moYdala
child <> umameM
strategy <> raNanIwi
successor <> uwwarAXikArI
structure <> saMracanA
method <> viXi
positive <> sakArAwmaka
simple <> sarala
general <> sAmAnya
forward <> Age
statement <> kaWana
table <> wAlikA
procedure <> prakriyA
object <> vaswu
attribute <> guNa
word <> Sabxa
output <> Autaputa
property <> saMpawwi
instance <> uxAharaNa
frame <> Prema
situation <> sWiwi
truth <> sawya
lesson <> sabaka
gamma <> GAMMA
false <> galawa
start <> SurU
human <> mAnava
distribution <> viwaraNa
element <> wawva
theorem <> prameya
symbol <> i
machine <> maSIna
queen <> rAnI
consistency <> saMgawawA
concept <> avaXAraNA
predicate <> i
module <> moYdyUla
theory <> sixXAMwa
small <> Cote
process <> prakriyA
game <> Kela
task <> kArya
figure <> ciwra
definition <> pariBARA
player <> KilAdZI
return <> yaxi
assignment <> prawyeka
note <> XyAna
learning <> sIKane
optimal <> iRtawama
axiom <> AI
computer <> kaMpyUtara
application <> anuprayoga
large <> badZI
decision <> nirNaya
program <> progrAma
consequence <> pariNAma
parent <> mAwA
independent <> svawaMwra
move <> cAla
intelligence <> buxXi
list <> sUcI
technique <> wakanIka
result <> pariNAma
subset <> sabaseta
meaning <> arWa
test <> parIkRaNa
processing <> saMsAXana
point <> biMxu
planner <> yojanAkAra
training <> praSikRaNa
pair <> jodZI
memory <> smqwi
question <> yaxi
real <> vAswavika
high <> ucca
weight <> sAre
operation <> jA
effect <> praBAva
slot <> sloYta
inferencing <> anumAna
equivalent <> samawulya
precondition <> pUrva
percept <> aBikarwA
complexity <> jatilawA
link <> liMka
john <> joYna
negative <> nakArAwmaka
joint <> sAre
substitution <> prawisWApana
condition <> Sarwa
approach <> xqRtikoNa
thing <> bAwa
position <> sWiwi
bayes <> beyasa
board <> borda
user <> upayogakarwA
sound <> Xvani
puzzle <> pahelI
conclusion <> niRkarRa
mechanism <> anumAna
important <> mahawvapUrNa
inconsistent <> asaMgawa
individual <> cara
relation <> saMbaMXa
query <> praSna
interpretation <> vyAKyA
maximum <> sWawa
expression <> aBivyakwi
union <> uXara
failure <> viPalawA
column <> swaMBa
default <> diPZoYlta
intelligent <> buxXimAna
common <> sAmAnya
efficient <> kuSala
loop <> lUpa
performance <> praxarSana
idea <> vicAra
finite <> parimiwa
satisfiable <> yaxi
backward <> pICe
unit <> ikAI
people <> logoM
formulation <> samasyA
distance <> xUrI
error <> wruti
answer <> uwwara
hard <> kaTina
partial-order <> AMSika
difficult <> kaTina
range <> 0
location <> boYksa
checking <> jAzca
discourse <> brahmAMda
syntactic <> vAkyAwmaka
ability <> kRamawA
advantage <> lABa
linear <> rEKika
independence <> svawaMwrawA
evaluation <> mUlyAMkana
choice <> vikalpa
factor <> SAKA
gallon <> gElana
support <> samarWana
architecture <> vAswukalA
early <> prAraMBika
objective <> uxxeSya
entailment <> AvaSyakawA
ambiguity <> aspaRtawA
crisp <> inaputa
score <> skora
complex <> jatila
parameter <> rUpa
assertion <> viSvAsa
shakey <> boYksa
reason <> kAraNa
principle <> sixXAMwa
layer <> parawa
initially <> prAraMBa
region <> kRewra
syntax <> vAkyavinyAsa
herbrand <> harabrEMda
branch <> SAKA
behaviour <> vyavahAra
conjunction <> saMyojana
iteration <> sWawa
control <> niyaMwraNa
leaf <> noda
instantiation <> caroM
estimate <> anumAna
relationship <> saMbaMXa
work <> kAma
refutation <> pUrNa
assumption <> XAraNA
special <> viSeRa
level <> swara
notion <> XAraNA
observable <> rUpa
part <> BAga
conflict <> samAXAna
iterative <> punarAvarwI
strong <> majabUwa
premise <> vAkya
category <> SreNI
exponential <> GAwIya
version <> saMskaraNa
minimax <> minImEksa
alpha <> alPA
experience <> anuBava
minimum <> nyUnawama
alternative <> vEkalpika
uncertainty <> aniSciwawA
cancer <> kEMsara
place <> sWAna
similarly <> isI
sensor <> e
marginal <> viwaraNa
suitable <> upayukwa
woman <> mahilA
similar <> samAna
block <> bloYka
back <> vApasa
completeness <> pUrNawA
root <> rUta
formalism <> saMBAvyawA
easy <> AsAna
generation <> BARA
chess <> SawaraMja
degree <> digrI
alpha-beta <> rUpa
simply <> kevala
valid <> vEXa
size <> AkAra
basis <> AXAra
earlier <> pahale
label <> lebala
event <> GatanA
clear <> varNana
familiar <> pariciwa
hand <> xUsarI
track <> najara
expansion <> viswAra
duck <> bawaKa
difference <> yojanA
robot <> robota
component <> jFAna
equal <> barAbara
person <> vyakwi
generally <> viSeRajFa
colour <> raMga
endif <> aMwa
total <> kula
unique <> axviwIya
directly <> rUpa
form1 <> anyaWA
form2 <> anyaWA
dynamic <> gawiSIla
nature <> prakqwi
future <> BaviRya
utility <> upayogiwA
resolvent <> C1
color <> raMga
turing <> tyUriMga
commitment <> kama
life <> jIvana
capable <> sakRama
definite <> KaMda
partially <> AMSika
hill <> pahAdZI
previous <> piCale
computation <> aBikalana
city <> Sahara
multiple <> ekAXika
tile <> KaparEla
tall <> boYba
mary <> mariyama
disease <> saMBAvanA
programming <> progrAmiMga
turn <> bArI
prior <> pahale
speech <> vAk
view <> xqRtikoNa
newly <> uwpanna
letter <> hameM
local-minimum <> sWAnIyaminama
